hey so we are here with a very special
video we are doing a giveaway and we're
really excited and we are kind of
working with a company called sunset 45
and just inform you a little bit Oh
basically it is a monthly like
subscription that has boxes like this
this is the classic box and then there's
a lavish box and then there's also a
editors pick box which is like a mix of
both of them and the classic box is more
for like subtle kind of accessories and
then the lavish box is more of
spontaneous and then obviously the
editors is like a mix and you can get
each of the box for thirty-five dollars
and then the editors box is like a 20 20
extra so we are just going to unbox
these and it's a really good deal for
thirty-five dollars by the way yeah it's
worth like the products inside are worth
over 100 so that's like really really
good and we will open this up and then
we'll explain the giveaway like later on
in the video so what we're gonna do is
we're just going to like pull one item
out of each and just show you guys and
kind of explained to you guys who you
want know what you should be winning
yeah what what is in this box is
knowledge you'll be waiting you'll be
winning next month's box which is May
which is this month so for the giveaway
you'll be winning the next box not this
one but then I will explain how to enter
yeah side really to do just little
pouches that are really cute and then we
have to thaw some boxes with like the
little name on it so the first thing and
this is a lavish box is the crystal drop
earrings and these are worth $24 this is
what they look like so there and
oh that I'm hope and they have some
diamond so they're very fancy yeah the
Pearl dream bib which is twenty-eight
dollars it looks like this really really
pretty very like simple I'm cute and it
has a good gold chain the next thing in
my box came in the pouch and this is the
opaline bit and this is work twenty-six
dollars and I'm in love with this you
guys so pretty it's mint and cream in it
has diamonds and has just a gold chain
and these are the stud earring do au
pair are just these kind of like pearl
with a gold outline to them these are
really cute probably wear these and
these are well together the earrings for
eight dollars and then this one which
kind of goes one of olivia's necklaces
looks like this and it's like a coral
color and they're just like little
rectangles and they'll like a kind of
like a gold luster to them so the next
thing in mine was another necklace and
this is the bar and bar necklace bars
and bars is so looks like this and I
love this necklace as well just has 12
different colors with gold and it's just
so crappy and awesome and it's worth $32
the next thing in my box is an OPI nail
polish and this one is militia mist and
it's like a really nice neutral like
light pink color and this is really
pretty like for a simple look and
obviously the OPI nail polishes are nine
dollars
I got no Kenya posh this so pretty and
this is in the color significant other
color and it's nine dollars and it's
such a cool color I've never seen
anything like it sorry for my chin nails
it's purple and has like a luminescence
to it super pretty so this is the laws
peasant chain and this was thirty four
dollars and looks like this it has a
gold chain and then it has this this
goes with the earrings sound like the
same color as the earrings not my style
but I think it would look cute with like
a simple outfit the next thing I got is
this makeup brush by nikic a new york
and it's an eyeshadow brush a blending
eyeshadow brush and you can never go
wrong with one of these everybody uses
them and then that also came in my box
too and then we got to our shadows and
I'm really really excited to try these
it's from a company called hello waffles
and there are two colors so the first
color is called White Queen and it's a
really light pink um almost like whitish
dust color is magic hair and it's just
like a rose gold really pretty just
super pretty yeah I know these are these
are really pretty equal one is three
dollars so together they were six what
that is just kind of an example of what
comes in these boxes and for the
giveaway so here is how to enter the
giveaway and you have to be subscribed
to our channel then follow us on
Instagram also and to also qualify
you're going to follow sunset 45 on
Instagram and make sure you comment your
Instagram user name so you can check it
make sure you guys actually did that and
how this giveaway is going to work is we
will have a link in the downbar and i'll
make sure that's like really clear that
that's the link that you're going to
click and you're just going to put your
username in
and we are personally not shipping out
the boxes but we will be able to like
tell you guys who the winner is and
everything and the winner like we said
it they're not getting this month's box
this was April and you'll be getting
like Mays box so you'll be getting it
during may and it will be completely
different a completely different theme
the theme for april i think was pastels
so i don't know what the theme for may
is but would be surprised and we will
also be opening the May box on on here
and we will be doing another giveaway
next month for you guys so if you didn't
win like if you don't win this giveaway
you still have no chance to so we hope
you guys like this video no se me this
is an awesome deal yeah this was really
exciting when this lady I'm contacted us
we were really really excited to like do
this with her and if you're familiar
with like Birchbox there's anything like
that like it's like that the monthly
subscription it's like getting a
magazine every month but you get like a
bunch of cool stuff yeah so yeah make
sure you guys enter a giveaway we are so
happy that we've been like gaining crazy
amounts of subscribers we I think we're
almost at 9,000 which is insane and
we're almost at like half a million like
total views which is awesome yes so we
wanted to do this for you guys and to
give away so you guys can enter it twice
issue you guys only like enter once on
the link so at solarcity as a chair and
yeah so that is all for this video I
hope you guys enjoy thanks for watching
you will see you guys next time bye